Prime Video Menu Caret Down Browse Home Movies TV shows Sports Live TV Subscriptions Channels Browse all Caret Right Home Movies TV shows Sports Live TV Channels Subscriptions Search Clear EN Caret Down Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Melayu Dansk Deutsch English Español Français Italiano Magyar Nederlands Norsk Polski Português (Brasil) Português (Portugal) Română Suomi Svenska Türkçe Wikang Filipino Čeština Ελληνικά Русский עברית العربية हिन्दी தமிழ் తెలుగు ไทย 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 한국어 Categories Remaster Your account Sign In Help Watch Anywhere Join Prime Menu Caret Down Home Movies TV shows Sports Live TV Categories Join Prime Channels Subscriptions Search Clear EN Caret Down Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Melayu Dansk Deutsch English Español Français Italiano Magyar Nederlands Norsk Polski Português (Brasil) Português (Portugal) Română Suomi Svenska Türkçe Wikang Filipino Čeština Ελληνικά Русский עברית العربية हिन्दी தமிழ் తెలుగు ไทย 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 한국어 Your account Sign In Help Watch Anywhere Watch anywhere, anytime Start watching Prime Video on your favorite devices anywhere, anytime It's easy to watch Prime Video on your device. Locate your device below, follow the simple instructions and you'll be able to start watching instantly. To learn more, go to Devices Compatible with Prime Video. Smart TV or Blu-Ray Player 1. If the Amazon Prime Video app isn't pre-installed on your Smart TV or Blu-ray player, download it from your device's app store. 2. Open the Amazon Prime Video app and sign in with your Amazon Prime or Prime Video account. 3. Choose a movie or TV Show and start streaming. Streaming Media Player 1. Open the Prime Video app. If the app is not pre-installed, you can download it from your streaming media player's app store. 2. Register your streaming media player in one of two ways: Select "Sign in and start watching" to enter your account information directly on your device. -or- Choose "Register on the Amazon Website" to get a 5-6 character code. Sign in to your Amazon account and enter your code Game console 1. If the Amazon Prime Video app is not pre-installed on your console, download it from your console’s app store. 2. Open the Amazon Prime Video app and sign in with your Amazon Prime or Prime Video account. 3. Choose a movie or TV Show and start streaming. Fire Tablet 1. Go to the Video of your tablet. 2. Choose a movie or TV Show and start streaming. iOS Phone or Tablet 1. Go to the Apple app store on your device and download the Amazon Prime Video app. 2. Open the Amazon Prime Video app and sign in with your Amazon Prime or Prime Video account. 3. Choose a movie or TV Show and start streaming directly from the app. Android Phone or Tablet 1. Go to the Google Play app store on your device and download the Amazon Prime Video app. 2. Open the Amazon Prime Video app and sign in with your Amazon Prime or Prime Video account. 3. Choose a movie or TV Show and start streaming directly from the app. Google Chromecast 1. From the Prime Video app, select the Cast icon. 2. Select the Chromecast device you want to use. Note: Your iOS or Android device must be connected to the same Wi-Fi network as your Chromecast. 3. Select a title you want to watch. The title you have selected is shown on the TV that the Chromecast is connected to. Windows PC or Tablet 1. On your device, go to the Microsoft Store and download the Amazon Prime Video app. 2. Open the Amazon Prime Video app and sign in with your Amazon Prime or Prime Video account. 3. Choose a movie or TV show and watch in the app. Get the app Terms and Privacy Notice Send us feedback Help Interest-based ads © 1996-2024, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates