Disney+ Gift Card LOG IN Give the Gift of Stories It’s the gift that keeps on giving: use a Disney+ Gift Card towards a monthly Disney+ or Disney Bundle subscription. Endless stories await. BUY NOW © 2023 TAS Rights Management LLC All of these and more now streaming. Disney+ gift cards are issued by and represent legal obligations solely of Disney Gift Card Services, Inc. Terms Apply. Answers to your questions What is a Disney+ gift card? A Disney+ gift card is a digital or physical card that can be purchased online at DisneyPlus.com/giftcard, DisneyStore.com or through various retail stores. Disney+ gift cards are available for US customers only and can be purchased in varying amounts from $25 and $200. You can use a Disney+ gift card toward the cost of your monthly Disney+ subscription or Disney Bundle subscription. Disney+ gift cards cannot be used for a standalone annual Disney+ Premium subscription or a subscription that is not billed directly by Disney (e.g., billed by Hulu, Apple, Verizon, etc.). Where can I purchase a gift card? Digital gift cards can be purchased online at DisneyPlus.com/giftcard as well as from authorized third-party online retailers in varying amounts between $25 and $200. Physical gift cards can also be purchased online or in-person at many Disney-owned stores including DisneyStore.com. They’re also available at many Disney-authorized third-party retailers, including Wal-Mart, Target, and Kroger. How do I redeem a gift card? Disney+ gift cards and Disney Gift Cards* can be used toward a new or existing monthly Disney+ or Disney Bundle subscription that is billed directly by Disney, including: Disney+ Basic Disney+ Premium Disney Bundle Duo Basic Disney Bundle Duo Premium Disney Bundle Trio Basic Disney Bundle Trio Premium Note that Disney+ gift cards can not be used toward an annual Disney+ subscription. Users on subscription cards and/or promotions without billing, as well as users who are billed by a third-party, are also ineligible to redeem. If you wish to continue your Disney-billed subscription beyond the value of your Gift Card Credit, it will be necessary to add a payment method. New subscriber If you do not already have an existing Disney+ or Disney Bundle subscription, you will be prompted to create one when you redeem your gift card for Disney+. Follow the steps below to set up your new monthly Disney+ subscription or Disney Bundle subscription using a gift card: Visit Disney+ Gift Enter the gift card number, security code, and your ZIP code, and then select CHECK VALUE You will see the gift card value, and you can select CONTINUE If you are redeeming a Disney+ gift card, the entire balance will be applied to your subscription Enter the email address you would like to use for your Disney+ account and select CONTINUE Choose a password and select CONTINUE Enter your birthdate and select SAVE & CONTINUE Select your desired monthly Disney+ or Disney Bundle plan Review your order details and the Subscriber Agreement then select AGREE & SUBSCRIBE Existing subscriber As an existing Disney+ or Disney Bundle subscriber, you can follow the steps below to redeem a Disney+ gift card toward your subscription: Visit Disney+ Gift Enter the gift card number, security code, and your ZIP code, and then select CHECK VALUE You will see the gift card value, and you can select CONTINUE If you are redeeming a Disney+ gift card, the entire balance will be applied to your subscription Enter the email address associated with your Disney+ account and select CONTINUE Enter your Disney+ password and select LOG IN Review your order details and select REDEEM LanguagesEnglishEspañol Learn More Privacy Policy Children's Online Privacy Policy Your US State Privacy Rights Subscriber Agreement Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Disney Bundle Disney+, Hulu, Max Bundle Interest-Based Ads Help Help Supported Devices About Us Closed Captioning Gift Disney+ Disney+ Partner Program Originals Agatha All Along Descendants: The Rise of Red The Acolyte X-Men '97 Ahsoka The Mandalorian Percy Jackson and the Olympians Loki Trending Inside Out 2 The Beatles: Let It Be Wish Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour (Taylor's Version) Indiana Jones and the Dial of Destiny Elemental Bluey Collections All Collections Halloween Disney 100 Critically Acclaimed Disney Shorts Black Stories Pride Princesses Marvel Star Wars National Geographic Pixar Disney Content and platform availability may vary by region. © 2024 Disney. All Rights Reserved. Purchase, use or acceptance of this gift card constitutes acceptance of the following terms: This card is redeemable solely for monthly subscriptions purchased directly from Disney+ on DisneyPlus.com. Valid only for U.S. residents, 18 years of age or older. To redeem, visit DisneyPlus.com/gift. Upon redemption, the entire balance of your card will be redeemed toward your subscription. No partial redemption permitted. Cancellation of your subscription will be effective only when card balance is expended. When card balance is expended, access to your subscription service(s) will end unless you provide another payment method or have another payment method on file, in which case monthly subscription charges will apply until you cancel. Not refundable or redeemable for cash (unless required by law). Not for resale. This card is issued by, and represents a legal obligation solely of, Disney Gift Card Services, Inc. For complete terms and conditions (including arbitration agreement), which are subject to change, visit disneyterms.com/usdisneyplusgiftcard. U.S. residents, 18+ only. Access content from each service separately. Location data required to watch certain content. Select Hulu content available via Disney+ with valid Hulu and Disney+ subscriptions; additional content only available via Hulu app. Hulu content can be streamed via Disney+ on up to 2 devices simultaneously. Additional app feature and device restrictions apply. For more information visit the Disney+ Help Center. Offer valid for eligible subscribers only. Subject to Disney+ and ESPN+ Subscriber Agreement. For detailed information on billing and cancelation, please visit the Disney+ Help Center.