Netflix Help Center Help Center Join Netflix Sign In Help Center Back to Help Home Print Netflix Gift Card and Balance Terms These Netflix Gift Card and Balance terms (“Terms”) apply to the purchase and use of Gift Cards and Netflix Balance. As used in these Terms, “Gift Card” means one time use, unredeemed Netflix gift cards (including electronic codes) with a fixed monetary value. “Netflix Balance” means any prepaid balance that may be used to pay for access to the Netflix service, including redeemed Netflix Gift Cards and electronic gift codes. 1. Netflix Gift Card Redemption Gift Cards are only redeemable for the Netflix service in countries where the Netflix service is offered in the currency denominated on the Gift Card. To redeem a Gift Card, go to netflix.com/redeem and enter the card’s PIN number. You must create or have an existing and valid Netflix membership to redeem a Gift Card. The entire value of a Gift Card will be applied to your Netflix account upon redemption. Gift Cards cannot be redeemed for accounts that are billed through third parties. To redeem a Gift Card if your account is billed through a third party, you must first cancel your Netflix billing through the applicable third party and then redeem your card at netflix.com/redeem once your last billing period with the third party has ended. 2. Using your Netflix Balance You may apply the Netflix Balance to any available Netflix subscription plan. If your Netflix Balance is less than the subscription fee for your chosen Netflix subscription plan, and you have not provided us with another payment method, your Netflix subscription will be prorated based on the remaining value of your Netflix Balance, which means that the duration of your billing cycle may be shortened. Once your Netflix Balance is consumed you will not be able to use the paid portion of the Netflix service until you add more Netflix Balance to your Netflix account or provide us with another valid payment method. 3. Refunds and cancellation of prepaid memberships Gift Cards or Netflix Balance are not refundable and may not be redeemed for cash or any cash equivalent, except if you are entitled to receive a refund for cancellations or nonconformity under the mandatory laws of your country of residence. If you cancel your Netflix subscription but still have Netflix Balance in your Netflix account, your Netflix subscription will be cancelled only after your Netflix Balance has been completely consumed. 4. No Fees or Expiration Gift Cards and Netflix Balance do not expire and are not subject to any fees. 5. Additional Restrictions Gift Cards or Netflix Balance cannot be used to purchase other gift cards, and cannot be reloaded, resold, or transferred for value. Any Gift Card or Netflix Balance that has been resold, transferred or fraudulently obtained may be invalidated and voided at Netflix’s sole discretion. Gift Cards may not be used in connection with any marketing, advertising or other promotional activities without Netflix’s prior written approval. Use of Netflix’s name, logo, trade dress or trademarks in connection with the purchase or use of Gift Cards is strictly prohibited. Furthermore, the use of Gift Cards in any manner that states or implies that any person, website, business, product or service is endorsed or sponsored by, or otherwise affiliated with, Netflix is prohibited without Netflix’s prior written approval. 6. Card Issuer; Governing Law Gift Cards are issued by Netflix Services Canada ULC, an unlimited liability company in Canada. You agree that the laws of Ontario and Canada, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Terms. These Terms will not limit any consumer protection rights that you may be entitled to under the mandatory laws of your state of residence. Select your preferred language: Select a language English Français Terms of Use Privacy Ad Choices Cookie Preferences Corporate Information